Add PaymentResponse.toJSON() (#24297)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/paymentresponse/tojson/index.md

---
title: PaymentResponse.toJSON()
slug: Web/API/PaymentResponse/toJSON
page-type: web-api-instance-method
tags:
  - API
  - Method
  - Reference
  - Web Performance
browser-compat: api.PaymentResponse.toJSON
---

{{SecureContext_Header}}{{APIRef("Payment Request API")}}

The **`toJSON()`** method of the {{domxref("PaymentResponse")}} interface is a {{Glossary("Serialization","serializer")}}; it returns a JSON representation of the {{domxref("PaymentResponse")}} object.

## Syntax

```js-nolint
toJSON()
```

### Parameters

None.

### Return value

A {{jsxref("JSON")}} object that is the serialization of the {{domxref("PaymentResponse")}} object.

## Examples

### Using the toJSON method

> In this example, calling `entry.toJSON()` returns a JSON representation of the `PerformanceEventTiming` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, calling `paymentResponse.toJSON()` returns a JSON representation of the `PaymentResponse` object.
```

> In this example, calling `entry.toJSON()` returns a JSON representation of the `PerformanceEventTiming` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, calling `paymentResponse.toJSON()` returns a JSON representation of the `PaymentResponse` object.
```

```js
payment.show().then((paymentResponse) => {
  console.log(paymentResponse.toJSON())
  };
});
```

> To get a JSON string, you can use [`JSON.stringify(entry)`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/JSON/stringify) directly; it will call `toJSON()` automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get a JSON string, you can use [`JSON.stringify(paymentResponse)`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/JSON/stringify) directly; it will call `toJSON()` automatically.
```
